# Personal filterlists that I use as my main in AdGuard Home 
# To be used in Adguard Home or similar software.

# AdGuard DNS filter
https://adguardteam.github.io/HostlistsRegistry/assets/filter_1.txt
# AdAway Default Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdAway/adaway.github.io/master/hosts.txt
# Dan Pollock's List
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
# The NoTracking blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notracking/hosts-blocklists/master/adblock/adblock.txt
# OISD Blocklist Full
https://big.oisd.nl/
# Peter Lowe's Blocklist
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=adblockplus&showintro=1&mimetype=plaintext
# Steven Black's List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts
# Dandelion Sprout's Game Console Adblock List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/GameConsoleAdblockList.txt
# Perflyst and Dandelion Sprout's Smart-TV Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/SmartTV-AGH.txt
# Anti-AD.net
https://anti-ad.net/easylist.txt
# Phishing URL Blocklist (PhishTank and OpenPhish)
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-agh.txt
# Dandelion Sprout's Anti-Malware List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareAdGuardHome.txt
# NoCoin Filter List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/nocoin.txt
# Scam Blocklist by DurableNapkin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/durablenapkin/scamblocklist/master/adguard.txt
# Stalkerware Indicators List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AssoEchap/stalkerware-indicators/master/generated/hosts
# The Big List of Hacked Malware Web Sites
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/The-Big-List-of-Hacked-Malware-Web-Sites/master/hosts
# Malicious URL Blocklist (URLHaus)
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter-agh.txt
# DRSDavidSoft Ad and tracker servers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DRSDavidSoft/additional-hosts/master/domains/blacklist/adservers-and-trackers.txt
# DRSDavidSoft Activation servers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DRSDavidSoft/additional-hosts/master/domains/blacklist/activation.txt
# DRSDavidSoft Search blacklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DRSDavidSoft/additional-hosts/master/domains/blacklist/search-blacklist.txt
# NoTrack Blocklist Malware
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-malware.txt
# NoTrack Blocklist
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-blocklist.txt
# NoTracking blocklist
https://github.com/notracking/hosts-blocklists/raw/master/adblock/adblock.txt
# Disconnect.me tracking
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_tracking.txt
# My Privacy DNS
https://gitlab.com/my-privacy-dns/matrix/matrix/-/raw/master/source/tracking/domains.list
# Disconnect.me
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_ad.txt
# NoGoogle Analytics
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nickspaargaren/no-google/master/categories/analytics.txt
# NoGoogle Doubleclick
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nickspaargaren/no-google/master/categories/doubleclickparsed
# SpyMicrosoft
https://gitlab.com/Jorgu81/hosts/raw/master/Microsoft/SpyMicrosoft
# kowith337's Personal Filter List Collection
https://github.com/kowith337/PersonalFilterListCollection/raw/master/hosts/hosts_facebook0.txt
# kowith337's Personal Filter List Collection
https://github.com/kowith337/PersonalFilterListCollection/raw/master/hosts/hosts_google_adservice_id.txt
# AnudeepND Adservers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt
# AnudeepND Facebook
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/facebook.txt
# Personal blacklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TrueConfiguration/adguard-lists/main/blacklist.txt
# Personal regex blacklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TrueConfiguration/adguard-lists/main/blacklist-regex.txt
# CrazyMax - WindowsSpyBlocker - Hosts spy rules
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/spy.txt
# CrazyMax - WindowsSpyBlocker - Hosts update rules
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/update.txt
# CrazyMax - WindowsSpyBlocker - Hosts extra rules
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/extra.txt
# NextDNS CNAME Cloaking Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/cname-cloaking-blocklist/master/domains
# NextDNS Native DDNS domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/ddns-domains/main/suffixes
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Alexa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/alexa
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Apple
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/apple
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Huawei
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/huawei
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Roku
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/roku
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Samsung
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/samsung
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Sonos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/sonos
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Windows
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/windows
# NextDNS Native Tracking - Xiaomi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nextdns/native-tracking-domains/main/domains/xiaomi
# Personal Blocklist by WaLLy3K
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/static/w3kbl.txt
# Matomo Referrer Spam List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matomo-org/referrer-spam-blacklist/master/spammers.txt
# VeleSila yHosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VeleSila/yhosts/master/hosts
# MVPS HOSTS
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
# Neohostsbasic
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/neohostsbasic.txt
# The SNAFU Blocklist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RooneyMcNibNug/pihole-stuff/master/SNAFU.txt
# BarbBlock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/paulgb/BarbBlock/main/blacklists/hosts-file.txt
# GetAdmiral Domains Filter List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LanikSJ/ubo-filters/main/filters/getadmiral-domains.txt
# AdWars
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jdlingyu/ad-wars/master/hosts
# Easyprivacy
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easyprivacy.txt
# Geoffrey Frogeye's block list of first-party trackers
https://hostfiles.frogeye.fr/firstparty-trackers-hosts.txt
# Disconnect.me malvertising
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_malvertising.txt
# Prigent-Crypto
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Crypto.txt
# Prigent-Ads
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Ads.txt
# Phishing Army
https://phishing.army/download/phishing_army_blocklist_extended.txt
# RPiList-Malware
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/malware
# RPiList-Phishing
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Phishing-Angriffe
# RPiList-Win10 Telemetry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/Win10Telemetry
# RPiList-Cryptojacking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/crypto
# RPiList-Notserious
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/notserious
# RPiList-Spam.Mails
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/spam.mails
# RPiList-Proxies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/proxies
# RPiList-Samsung
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RPiList/specials/master/Blocklisten/samsung
# RPiList-Pornblock (Disabled, too big of a list (Over 9 million domains), keeps crashing the compiler)
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock1
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock2
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock3
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock4
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock5
https://github.com/RPiList/specials/blob/master/Blocklisten/pornblock6
# Spam404
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Spam404/lists/master/main-blacklist.txt
# Prigent-Malware
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Malware.txt
# Prigent-Adult (Disabled, too big of a list (Over 4 million domains), keeps crashing the compiler)
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Adult.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Multi PRO++
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/pro.plus.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Threat Intelligence Feeds
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/tif.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Badware Hoster blocking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/hoster.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Most Abused TLDs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/spam-tlds.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Personal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/personal.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Native Tracker - Apple (iOS, macOS, tvOS)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/native.apple.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Native Tracker - Huawei (Devices)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/native.huawei.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Native Tracker - Microsoft (Windows, Office, MSN)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/native.winoffice.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Native Tracker - TikTok (Fingerprinting)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/native.tiktok.txt
# HaGeZi DNS Blocklists - Native Tracker - LG webOS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/adblock/native.lgwebos.txt